Integration of HifiBerry media player component. (#12712)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/hifiberry.md

---
title: HifiBerry
description: How to set up the HifiBerry media player platform

> logo: hifiberry.png

Reviewer: Please remove this line, as it is no longer used.

Author: which line sorry? I can see first four on your comment

Author: ah logo, I see

ha_category:
  - Media Player
ha_release: 0.107.7
ha_domain: hifiberry
---

The `HifiBerry` platform allows you to control a [HifiBerry OS](https://www.hifiberry.com/hifiberryos/) media player from Home Assistant. This is an end-to-end streaming lightweight OS built by HifiBerry for their Amp+, DAC+ or Digi+ HAT Raspberry Pi boards compatible with Airplay, Bluetooth, DLNA, LMS/Squeezebox, MPD, Snapcast, Spotify and Roon music services.

> To setup, you need specific configuration variables, you can add the following to your `configuration.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Configuration

To configure, you can add the following to your `configuration.yaml` file:
```

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
media_player:
  - platform: hifiberry
    host: hifiberry.local

>     port: 81

Reviewer: We try to keep all configuration samples minimal. Thus, no optional requirement in the default sample. This helps a user to get started quickly by copy-&-paste the sample without worrying about optional parameters which they most likely not need. If required, insert a full configuration sample later that covers special setups or alike.

```

{% configuration %}
name:
  description: The name of the device.
  required: false
  default: HifiBerry
  type: string
host:
  description: The IP address or hostname of the device.

>   required: true

Reviewer: According to the code, this option is optional

  default: hifiberry.local
  type: string
port:
  description: The Port number of Volumio service.

>   required: true

Reviewer: required and having a default?
